#### A. What is used to be
(+) Builds are performed during integration, and code is not deployable until integration is complete.
==> Change management was not implemented and change tracking was almost non-existent

(+) Different teams then worked on this over the course of a sprint. If there were functionalities that required work by other teams, these needed to be communicated but the `code interaction was not tested until all code was produced`.
==> Merging code at the end of the sprint would caused bugs due to miscommunication and different coding pattern from different teams.

#### B. Continuous Integration (CI)
(+) Code is stored in a Source Code Manager (SCM) in a "Master" branch, this branch is the source of truth and contains a version history of the code.
(+) The master branch is cloned into a feature branch. Developers then works on these copies. All coding is done using testing standards such as `Test Driven Development (TDD)`. 
==> This is a process in which tests are written first and then code is written to ensure that the tests pass.

==> The process of Continuous Integration means that there are frequent commits to the feature branch. Testing is performed on all commits. Any issues that `breaks the build` must be addressed immediately. The code is always maintained in a state in which it `could` be deployed.
==> The code that is in the feature branch is deployed to production at the milestone stage. The master branch is used as the source of truth and contains working tested code.

#### C. Continuous Deployment (CD)
(+) There are four key areas we need to take into account:
	(-) `Infrastructure`: The infrastructure should support automated deployment.
	(-) `Checkpoints`: Automated deployment strategies often have checkpoints that allow verification
	(-) `Smoke testing`: Deployment testing should be performed as soon as possible to ensure success.
	(-) `Roll back`: Revert the deployment environment to its initial stage.

