b#### A. What is Kubernetes
(+) Kubernetes is a tool for automated management of containerized applications also known as a container orchestration tool
==> It is used to automate application infrastructure and make it easy to manage

#### B. Cluster Architecture
###### 1. The Control Plane
(+) The Cluster's brain is called the `control plane`, it runs tasks required for K8S to do its job: `scheduling containers`,  `managing services`, `serving API request`

(+) The control plane is made up of several components:
- `kube-apiserver:` The front-end server for the control plane, handlng API request
- `etcd:` The database where K8S stores all of its information about nodes and resources
- `kube-scheduler:` this decides where to run newly created pods
- `kube-controller-manager:` responsible for running resource controllers, such as Deployment
- `cloud-controller-manager:` Interact with cloud provider


###### 2. Node Components
(+) Cluster members that run user workloads are called worker nodes, each worker node runs these components:

- `kubelet:` This is responsible for driving the container runtime to start workloads and monitor their status
- `kube-proxy:` This node is responsible for the networking that routes request between Pods on different nodes.
- `Container runtime`: This  starts and stops containers and handles their communication.

#### C. Cluster High Avalability
(+) A correctly configured K8S control plane has multiple master nodes, making it highly available.
(+) A HA control plane will also handle the situation where the master nodes have network partition - meaning network failure.
(+) The `etcd` database is replicated across multiple nodes, and can survive the failure of an individual node.

###### 1. Control plane failure
(+) A damaged control plane does not necessarily mean that your application will go down
(+) If u were to stop all the master nodes in your cluster, the worker nodes would keep on running, however, management actions such as deploying new container or changing resources would not be possible.

###### 2. Worker node failure
(+) The failure of any worker node does not really matter, as K8S will detect the failure and reschedule the node's Pods somewhere else, as long as the control plane is still working.
(+) A rare, but entirely possible, kind of failure is losing a whole cloud `availability zone`, therefore, it is a good idea to distribute the worker nodes across 2 to 3 zones.